Ambiente.
Sorrento, operazione di bonifica dei fondali.
Recuperate due tonnellate di rifiuti | Città di Sorrento Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting Skip to Content ↵ENTER Skip to Menu ↵ENTER Skip to Footer ↵ENTER Città di Sorrento Città di Sorrento Accedi all'area personale Città di Sorrento Seguici su Cerca Filtri Ricerca Cerca Compilato!
Seleziona categorie Select All Giunta Comunale Compilato!
Gruppi consiliari Compilato!
Commissioni Compilato!
Consiglio Comunale Compilato!
Organi di governo Compilato!
Aree amministrative Compilato!
Uffici Compilato!
Enti e fondazioni Compilato!
Politici Compilato!
Responsabile amministrativo Compilato!
Luoghi Compilato!
Select All affidamenti Compilato!
Atto di concessione Compilato!
Bandi di concorso Compilato!
Bilancio consuntivo Compilato!
Bilancio preventivo Compilato!
Canone affitto versati Compilato!
Commissioni Compilato! lavoro Compilato!
Pagamenti di bandi di gara e contratti Compilato!
Statuto Compilato! avvisi pubblici Compilato!
Esito del concorso Compilato! fornitura Compilato!
Incarichi ai dipendenti Compilato!
Ordinanze Compilato!
Avvisi Compilato! bandi ed inviti Compilato!
Incarichi e consulenze Compilato! servizio Compilato! delibere e determine a contrarre Compilato!
Patrimonio immobiliare Compilato!
Canone affitto percepiti Compilato! esiti Compilato!
Provvedimenti dirigenti amministrativi Compilato! somme liquidate Compilato!
Provvedimenti organi indirizzo politico Compilato!
Resoconti della gestione finanziaria Compilato!
Concorsi Compilato!
Bandi di gare e contratti Compilato!
Contratti Compilato!
Modulistica Compilato!
Regolamenti Compilato!
Atti normativi Compilato!
Bandi Compilato!
Select All Anagrafe e stato civile Compilato!
Cultura e tempo libero Compilato!
Vita lavorativa Compilato!
Attività produttive e commercio Compilato!
Appalti pubblici Compilato!
Catasto e urbanistica Compilato!
Turismo Compilato!
Mobilità e trasporti Compilato!
Educazione e formazione Compilato!
Giustizia e sicurezza pubblica Compilato!
Tributi e finanze Compilato!
Ambiente Compilato!
Salute, benessere e assistenza Compilato!
Autorizzazioni Compilato!
Agricoltura Compilato!
Select All Notizie Compilato!
Comunicati stampa Compilato!
Avvisi Compilato!
Seleziona argomenti Comune Compilato!
Abitazione Compilato!
Area di parcheggio Compilato!
Associazione Compilato!
Comunicazione Compilato!
Condizioni e organizzazione del lavoro Compilato!
Cultura Compilato!
Edificio urbano Compilato!
Energia Compilato!
Fanciullo Compilato!
Formazione professionale Compilato!
Gestione dei rifiuti Compilato!
Giovane Compilato!
Immigrazione Compilato!
Informatica e trattamento dei dati Compilato!
Inquinamento Compilato!
Integrazione sociale Compilato!
Istruzione Compilato!
Matrimonio Compilato!
Procedura elettorale e voto Compilato!
Programma d'azione Compilato!
Protezione sociale Compilato!
Salute Compilato!
Sicurezza internazionale Compilato!
Sicurezza pubblica Compilato!
Spazio verde Compilato!
Sport e tempo libero Compilato!
Studente Compilato!
Tempo libero Compilato!
Traffico urbano Compilato!
Trasporto pubblico Compilato!
Trasporto stradale Compilato!
Turismo Compilato!
Urbanistica ed edilizia Compilato!
Close Navigazione principale Città di Sorrento Amministrazione Trasparente Novità Servizi Uffici Albo pretorio Vivere Sorrento Briciole di pane Home / Novità / Comunicati stampa / Ambiente.
Sorrento, operazione di bonifica dei fondali.
Recuperate due tonnellate di rifiuti Ambiente.
Sorrento, operazione di bonifica dei fondali.
Recuperate due tonnellate di rifiuti Data di pubblicazione 15 Ottobre 2022 Operazioni di bonifica e monitoraggio dei fondali marini di Sorrento, nel tratto compreso tra Marina Grande e la spiaggia di San Francesco.
Condividi Facebook Linkedin Twitter Whatsapp Argomenti Ambiente Menu pagine interne notizie / comunicati stampa / avvisi Indice della paginaChiudiTorna indietroIndice della pagina Due tonnellate di rifiuti, tra cui copertoni, attrezzi per la pesca e per la nautica, e materiali in plastica, È il risultato di una cinque giorni di bonifica e monitoraggio dei fondali marini di Sorrento, nel tratto compreso tra Marina Grande e la spiaggia di San Francesco.
Le operazioni si sono concluse questa mattina, con una giornata ecologica che ha visto il supporto degli uomini del Nucleo Sommozzatori di Napoli della Guardia di Finanza e del Locamare Sorrento della Guardia Costiera.
L’iniziativa è stata promossa dal Comune di Sorrento, alla presenza del sindaco, Massimo Coppola e del presidente del consiglio comunale, Luigi Di Prisco, con la collaborazione di Penisolaverde e la partecipazione del centro subacqueo Torre del Greco, Marevivo sezione penisola sorrentina, associazione Jaques Costeau, Diving Capri and Amalfi Coast, Associazione 31 agosto e cooperative Azzurra e Sant'Anna.
Presente anche l’Area Marina Protetta Punta Campanella, con la squadra del Project Mare, composta da 10 volontari provenienti da 7 paesi, Croazia, Spagna, Belgio, Portogallo, Francia, Tunisia e Grecia, con un’età media di 25 anni, e una formazione che spazia dalla biologia marina alla conservazione della natura, dallo studio delle lingue alle scienze politiche, coinvolti in un programma di scambio culturale europeo.
La mattinata di attività ha riguardato sia lo specchio d'acqua antistante Marina Grande che a terra, con la pulizia della spiaggia e della scogliera.
“Questa iniziativa si inserisce nel quadro più ampio di azioni volte al monitoraggio dei fondali marini - spiega il presidente del consiglio comunale, Luigi Di Prisco - Da evidenziare che, a seguito dei numerosi interventi svolti nel corso degli anni, lo stato dei fondali è notevolmente migliorato, tanto che i rifiuti presenti si trovano in zone non interessate da precedenti azioni di bonifica.
Nelle aree già oggetto di pulizia, c'è una residuale presenza di rifiuti dovuta esclusivamente agli spostamenti causati dalle mareggiate.
Oltre a continuare in questa direzione, nel corso dei prossimi anni, tenendo alta l’attenzione sui nostri fondali, bisogna proseguire nella divisione tra acque bianche e  nere, nonché nel monitoraggio sempre più costante di eventuali perdite sulla rete fognaria, per salvaguardare in modo sempre più costante il nostro ambiente marino”.
Ufficio Stampa Comune di Sorrento a cura dell’Ago Press Contatti Luigi D’Alise Mail comunedisorrento@agopress.it Web www.comune.sorrento.na.it Facebook www.facebook.com/comunesorrento Twitter www.twitter.com/comunesorrento Instagram www.instagram.com/comunesorrento Ultimo aggiornamento 15/10/2022, 12:17 Città di sorrento Contatti Città di Sorrento Piazza Sant'Antonino 1 - 80067 Sorrento Mail: info@comune.sorrento.na.it PEC: protocollo@pec.comune.sorrento.na.it Centralino +39.081.5335111 C.F: 82001030632 P.IVA: 01548191210 Amministrazione Organigramma Organi di governo Enti e fondazioni Amministrazione Trasparente Statuto e regolamenti Servizi Online Novità Eventi Notizie Comunicati stampa Bandi di gara Bandi di concorso Albo pretorio Iscriviti per ricevere la Newsletter Contattaci Footer Small Useful links section Crediti Privacy policy Note legali Dichiarazione di accessibilità English Accessibility Adjustments Reset Settings Statement Hide Interface Choose the right accessibility profile for you OFF ON Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color This profile enables epileptic and seizure prone users to browse safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
OFF ON Vision Impaired Profile Enhances websitès visuals This profile adjusts the website, so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others.
OFF ON ADHD Friendly Profile More focus & fewer distractions This profile significantly reduces distractions, to help people with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.
OFF ON Cognitive Disability Profile Assists with reading & focusing This profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.
OFF ON Keyboard Navigation (Motor) Use website with the keyboard This profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys.
Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.Note: This profile prompts automatically for keyboard users.
OFF ON Blind Users (Screen Reader) Optimize website for screen-readers This profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack.
A screen-reader is software that is installed on the blind user’s computer and smartphone, and websites should ensure compatibility with it.
Note: This profile prompts automatically to screen-readers.
Content Adjustments Content Scaling Default Readable Font Highlight Titles Highlight Links Text Magnifier Adjust Font Sizing Default Align Center Adjust Line Height Default Align Left Adjust Letter Spacing Default Align Right Color Adjustments Dark Contrast Light Contrast High Contrast High Saturation Adjust Text Colors Cancel Monochrome Adjust Title Colors Cancel Low Saturation Adjust Background Colors Cancel Orientation Adjustments Mute Sounds Hide Images Read Mode Reading Guide Useful Links Select an option Home Header Footer Main Content Stop Animations Reading Mask Highlight Hover Highlight Focus Big Black Cursor Big White Cursor HIDDEN_ADJUSTMENTS Keyboard Navigation Accessible Mode Screen Reader Adjustments Read Mode AccessiWay.
The Web Accessibility Solution Choose the Interface Language English Español Deutsch Português Français Italiano עברית 繁體中文 Pусский عربى عربى Nederlands 繁體中文 日本語 Polski Türk Accessibility StatementCompliance status We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience, regardless of ability.
To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level.
These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities.
Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more.
This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times.
We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs.
Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly.
This application remediates the website’s HTML, adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments.
If you wish to contact the website’s owner please use the websitès form Screen-reader and keyboard navigation Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with screen-readers can read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions.
As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively.
Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements: Screen-reader optimization: we run a process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website.
In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes.
For example, we provide accurate form labels; descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups), and others. Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images.
It provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag for images that are not described.
It will also extract texts embedded within the image using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology.
To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination.
Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on as soon as they enter the website.These adjustments are compatible with popular screen readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack.
Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard.
This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key.Additionally, keyboard users will find content-skip menus available at any time by clicking Alt+2, or as the first element of the site while navigating with the keyboard.
The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, not allowing the focus to drift outside.Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
Disability profiles supported on our website Epilepsy Safe Profile: this profile enables people with epilepsy to safely use the website by eliminating the risk of seizures resulting from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
Vision Impaired Profile: this profile adjusts the website so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others.
Cognitive Disability Profile: this profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements more easily.
ADHD Friendly Profile: this profile significantly reduces distractions and noise to help people with ADHD, and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements more easily.
Blind Users Profile (Screen-readers): this profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack.
A screen-reader is installed on the blind user’s computer, and this site is compatible with it.
Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys.
Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments Font adjustments – users can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more.
Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome.
Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds with over seven different coloring options.
Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button.
Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions.
Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize essential elements such as links and titles.
They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only.
Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing.
This option lets users mute the entire website instantly.
Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others.
Additional functions – we allow users to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions.
Assistive technology and browser compatibility We aim to support as many browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible.
Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS, and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and MAC users.
Notes, comments, and feedback Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible.
Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating, improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies.
All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility following technological advancements.
If you wish to contact the website’s owner, please use the websitès form Hide Accessibility Interface?
Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data.
Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface?
Accept Cancel Continue Processing the data, please give it a few seconds...